[Music]
a purchase on a horizon you just look
him thank you the hesitation in your
voice zone to be an echo in the recesses
of the spheres of retail
the dress is your image unto what you
project through an illusion
just going on a date I don't normally
wear this kind of thing be bold
your date will complement you I would
like you to announce the numbers to your
telephone oh one six three two nine
and six and stuff as promised look
different oh my god that looks nasty
maybe just the washing powder I hope he
isn't catchy how's it going shooter
everything's fine
oh I'm too young what's your machine
went bananas
you who wear me will know me it's just a
cheap bit of mystery I think something's
wrong with that first don't tell me
you're scared of a dress
cryptic to pcs Spanish banking homers
[Applause]
and this is nice in the sales just
address
[Applause]
[Music]